Readme renewal (#216)
leaningtech/webvm: README.md

<img src="/assets/welcome_to_WebVM_alpine_2024.png" width="90%">

## What is WebVM?

WebVM is a server-less virtual environment running fully client-side in HTML5/WebAssembly. It's designed to be Linux ABI-compatible and runs an unmodified Debian distribution including many native development toolchains.

WebVM is powered by the **CheerpX** virtualization engine, which provides:

- x86-to-WebAssembly JIT compiler
- Virtual block-based file system
- Linux syscall emulator
- Safe, sandboxed client-side execution

## Table of Contents

- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Networking](#networking)
- [Development & Customization](#development--customization)
  - [Local Serving & Image Configuration](#local-serving--image-configuration)
  - [Deploy to GitHub Pages](#deploy-to-github-pages)
- [Features](#freatures)
  - [Claude AI Integration](#claude-ai-integration)
- [Community & Support](#community--support)
- [Learn More](#learn-more)
- [License](#license)

## Quick Start

> ### Online (No Installation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this subheading might confuse more than help. Since there's no offline quick start version. I wonder if we should even consider taking out the whole quick start section.

Author: agreed, I'll yoink the whole quickstart too. ill leave the initial two lines in a note bubble and go straight to 'Networking'

Visit [https://webvm.io](https://webvm.io) to get started immediately in your browser. No setup required.

For local setup, custom image builds, and fork/deploy guidance, see [Development & Customization](#development--customization).

## Networking

> WebVM now does something browsers usually cannot: it brings **Tailscale** networking into the VM itself, so your browser VM can reach your private network and, with an exit node, the public internet too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebVM supports **Tailscale** integration. So your browser VM can reach your private network and, with an exit node, the public internet too.
```

> [!NOTE]
> Some low-level networking operations (especially ICMP used by `ping`) are not currently available in this environment. For connectivity checks, use `curl` or `wget`.

### Local network

1.  Open the "Networking" panel from the sidebar
2.  Click "Connect to Tailscale"
3.  Log in (create a free account at [tailscale.com](https://tailscale.com) if needed)
4.  Click "Connect" when prompted

WebVM now has access to all machines in your Tailscale network!

> [!TIP]
> On slower connections there may be a short delay before initialisation. Connection status is shown as a colored dot on the button: orange = local network, green = global/internet. The button text shows your Tailscale IP address once connected.

### Internet Access (Exit Node)

To access the public internet from WebVM, set up an **Exit Node** on another device in your Tailscale network:

1. Follow the [Tailscale Exit Node quickstart](https://tailscale.com/kb/1408/quick-guide-exit-nodes?tab=linux) (sections: "Advertise a device as an exit node")
2. WebVM automatically uses the exit node once advertised

> ### Using an Auth Key

Reviewer: I think we should move all 3 internet related tips and notes and this section and bundle it as an Internet usage tips section.

Author: I'll try out something to looks and feels clear to me. let me know what you think! (edit in my next push)

As an alternative to interactive login, add your Tailscale auth key to the URL fragment:

```
https://webvm.io/#authKey=<your-ephemeral-key>
```

This is equivalent to Tailscale's `--login-server` option.

> [!TIP]
> If you also need a custom control server, add `controlUrl` in the same URL fragment and separate values with `&`, for example: `#authKey=...&controlUrl=...`.

### Self-Hosting Tailscale with Headscale

We also support [headscale](https://headscale.net/stable/), a selfhosted open source implementation of the Tailscale control server.
Because Headscale does not add CORS headers by default, you will need a proxy in front of it. See the [Headscale reverse proxy setup docs](https://headscale.net/stable/ref/integration/reverse-proxy/#nginx) for an example.

Once ready, add the following line to your `location /` block in your nginx config file.

```nginx
if ($http_origin = "https://yourdomain.com") {
    add_header 'Access-Control-Allow-Origin' "$http_origin";
    add_header 'Access-Control-Allow-Credentials' 'true' always;
}
```

Then access WebVM with:

```
https://yourdomain.com/#controlUrl=<your-headscale-url>
```

> ## Development & Customization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Development & Customization
```

Author: all headers are '##' only 'WebVM' tile is header size 1 so for consistency this should stay as header size 2

### Local Serving & Image Configuration

> If you are running WebVM locally, this is the primary flow.

Reviewer: I think we should remove this line and instead make the github pages the primary flow

Author: yup, in the next PR, I'll put the github pages workflow above the local hosting one and add a note about it being the primary workflow

### Deploy to GitHub Pages

Fork the WebVM repository to deploy your own version to GitHub Pages:

<img src="/assets/fork_deploy_instructions.gif" alt="deploy_instructions_gif" width="90%">

1. **Fork the repository**
2. **Enable GitHub Pages** in Settings → Pages using "GitHub Actions" as source
3. **Run the `Deploy` workflow** from Actions
4. After completion, open the URL shown under the `deploy_to_github_pages` job

<img src="/assets/result.png" width="70%">

The same `Deploy` workflow also builds custom `.ext2` disk images from a Dockerfile. You can point it at `dockerfiles/debian_mini` or another Dockerfile, then either publish the result as a GitHub Release asset or deploy the Pages build from your fork.

For the full Alpine desktop environment, see [leaningtech/alpine-image](https://github.com/leaningtech/alpine-image).

For more details, see [CheerpX Custom Images documentation](https://cheerpx.io/docs/guides/custom-images).

> [!TIP]
> For Python3 REPL, the `Deploy` workflow takes into account the `CMD` specified in the Dockerfile.
>
> To build a REPL you can simply change `CMD [ "/bin/bash" ]` to `CMD [ "/usr/bin/python3" ]` and deploy.

> ## Freatures

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Claude AI integration
```
